well we also have drafted a first set of
project working group a ours since where
we're touching it okay ours in a couple
weeks into q4 anyway we figured since we
just started spinning up a project level
working group that's trying to support
all of the different ipfs working groups
help enable communication and planning
and road mapping and be kind of a
support layer here we should also have
set some goals for ourselves as to what
we're going to deliver unaccomplished to
the group they're kind of around three
main areas which target the three
charters of the project working group
one is making sure we know where we're
going and we're kind of the custodians
of the roadmap make sure it stays
updated and useful for everyone we help
the vision setting process for the org
as a whole then there's empowering the
working groups and making sure they have
all the tools they need to be really
successful and then finally actually
looking at the problems that are being
experienced across working groups and
coming up with new proposals new PRS for
how to make the async distributed
open-source model work really
effectively for everyone so we have a
lot of stuff around group map and vision
that we're working on we have a lot of
stuff around actually talking with
working groups and making sure that they
have road maps and vision and do okay
our planning and communicate with each
other effectively and then finally um
actually documenting and setting out a
couple of these PRS kind of the first
areas we're looking at are around team
roles communication channels and spec
review but we're open to more so if you
have ideas for how we can improve the
like project coordination communication
let us know we'll dive into seeing
whether we can create a new PR on that
and then also just making sure we we
documented things so that people can
take advantage of it and we use our
meeting time really effectively so these
are draft we have gone over them a
couple of times but there's also a PR
[Music]
but there's a PR so if you
come in here and and let us know what
you think add some comments
[Applause]